Add webworker support (#213)
kaliberjs/build: docs/src/content/how-to/web-workers.raw.md

## Web Workers

> Web Workers are a tool run scripts in background threads. The worker thread can perform tasks without interfering with the user interface. This can be used to offload heavy tasks from the main js thread. Extra information about this subject can be found on [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers)

Author: ```suggestion
Web Workers are a tool to run scripts in background threads. The worker threads can perform tasks without interfering with the user interface. This can be used to offload heavy tasks from the main js thread. Extra information about this subject can be found on [MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers)
```

Browser support is great for this feature: [caniuse](https://caniuse.com/?search=web%20workers)

### How to use?
One important thing is that web workers are only working on the client so we need to load these when the component mounts to the dom. Don't forget to terminate the worker on unmounting to prevent unpredictable behavior.

`heavy-component.js`
```js
export function HeavyComponent () {

>   React.useEffect(() => {
>     const currentWorker = new Worker(require('./worker?webworker'))
> 
>     currentWorker.postMessage('send data to the worker')
>     currentWorker.onmessage = e => setFromWorker(e.data)
> 
>     return () => currentWorker.terminate()
>   }, [])
> 
>   return (
>     <div>HeavyComponent<div>
>   )

Author: ```suggestion
  const [fromWorker, setFromWorker] = React.useState(null)
  React.useEffect(
    () => {
      const currentWorker = new Worker(require('./worker?webworker'))
      currentWorker.postMessage('send data to the worker')
      currentWorker.onmessage = e => setFromWorker(e.data)

      return () => currentWorker.terminate()
    }, 
    []
  )

  return fromWorker && <HeavyComponent data={fromWorker} />
```
